Work From Home-Fifth Harmony&Ty Dolla $ign
I ain't worried 'bout nothing I ain't wearing Na Nada
I'm sitting pretty impatient but I know you gotta
Put in them hours I'm ma make it harder
I'm sending pic after picture I'm ma get you fired
I know you're always on the night shift
But I can't stand these nights alone
And I don't need no explanation
Cause baby you're the boss at home
You don't gotta go to work work work work
Work work work
But you gotta put in work work work work
You don't gotta go to work work work work
Work work work
Let my body do the work work work work
We can work from home oh oh oh oh
Let's put it into motion I'm ma give you a promotion
I'll make it feel like a vacay turn the bed into an ocean
We don't need nobody I just need your body
Nothing but sheets in between us ain't no getting off early
I know you're always on the night shift
But I can't stand these nights alone
And I don't need no explanation
Cause baby you're the boss at home
You don't gotta go to work work work work
Work work work
But you gotta put in work work work work
You don't gotta go to work work work work
Work work work
Let my body do the work work work work
We can work from home oh oh oh oh
Oh yeah girl go to work for me
Can you make it clap no hands for me
Take it to the ground pick it up for me
Look back at it all over me
Put in work like my time sheet
She ride it like a '63
I'm ma buy her new cиж line
Let her ride in a foreign with me
Oh she the bae I'm her boo
And she down to break the rules
Ride or die she gong go
I won't judge she finessing
I pipe her she take that
Put in overtime on your body
You don't gotta go to work work work work
Work work work
But you gotta put in work work work work
You don't gotta go to work work work work
Work work work
Let my body do the work work work work
We can work from home oh oh oh oh
Yeah we can work from home
Yeah
[03:31.67]